I'm going to get started right on this.
OK.
Excuse me.
Larry, Frank, have either of you seen Kevin tonight?
Yes, he's over by the literature counter.
OK.
I can go get him if you'd like.
Oh, that would be great.
Thank you very much.
Larry, perhaps you've heard a fake Carter and David Thomas
have recently gotten engaged.
And they want to use the kingdom hall for their wedding.
So perhaps you and Kevin and myself
we could get together for a few minutes tonight
and then make it move forward with their wedding plans.
Tonight?
How many times you're going to do this to us, Tom?
Do what?
Keep having these unscheduled meetings.
Look, maybe you're not so eager to get home
and spend time with your family, but some of us are.
Not want to spend time with my family?
What is that supposed to mean?
He is way out of line.
I should set him straight right now.
No.
Wait.
What am I thinking?
If I react poorly right now, I could cause a major rift
between us, even between our families.
And if we elders don't show love among ourselves,
imagine how this could affect the congregation.
What a dishonor that would be to Jehovah in Jesus.
What do the Scriptures say?
Do not leave your place.
Love does not become provoked.
You're right, Larry.
I'm sorry.
I just thought maybe we would take a few minutes,
but we can schedule a better time for this.
And that way we can all get home earlier.
No, Tom.
It's me that needs to apologize.
I overreacted.
Look, you're right.
Since all of us are here, it would be good for us
to take care of this if we can.
OK.
Here comes Kevin.
Let's see if he's available.
OK.
Hey, Cap.
Good to see you.